There are quite a few scripts included as part of the standard Race Your Code example.
Below is a listing of what all the scripts are for.

[Starting scripts]
These scripts are used to start the code up on an actual GTR.
They are responsible for managing all the threads and controlling the motors via the ThunderBorg board.

"RaceYourCode_Front.py"
This script runs the Race Your Code setup for the final three-lap run on the front facing GTR.
It will wait for the lights sequence, then signal to the rear GTR to start as well.

It will be automatically set to run at startup on the front GTR.

"RaceYourCode_Rear.py"
This script runs the Race Your Code setup for both the final three-lap run and the testing time on the rear facing GTR.
It will wait for a signal from the front GTR before starting.

It will be automatically set to run at startup on the rear GTR.

"NoLights_Front.py"
This script runs the Race Your Code setup during the testing time on the front facing GTR.
It will wait not bother to wait for the lights sequence, it will also signal the rear GTR to start immediately.

It will be necessary to stop the RaceYourCode_Front.py script from running before starting this script.
This can be done using the command: sudo killall python
Make sure the rear GTR is ready first to ensure both GTRs start at the same time.

[Simulation]
These scripts are intended to be run on a Raspberry Pi or similar Linux machine for testing code without a GTR.
See the "Simulation modes.txt" guide for more details on running the simulations.

"SimulationFront.py"
This version talks with the provided simulator via Ethernet or WiFi.
This allows for testing of the dynamic behaviour of the scripts, but it only works for the front GTR.
Ideally the simulator should be run on a Windows machine with this script run on a Raspberry Pi 3.
The simulator should also run on a Linux machine, but it may not work on a Raspberry Pi. 

"SimulationRear.py"
This version talks with the provided simulator via Ethernet or WiFi.
This allows for testing of the dynamic behaviour of the scripts, but it only works for the rear GTR.
As there is no front GTR the code will start on its own without waiting for the lights to change.
Ideally the simulator should be run on a Windows machine with this script run on a Raspberry Pi 3.
The simulator should also run on a Linux machine, but it may not work on a Raspberry Pi. 

"SimulationImages.py"
This version loads either a single image or a series of images from a directory.
It can be used to confirm how the image processing is actually working.
It is not capable of dynamic behaviour as the images are not based on the motor speeds.

The script is setup for testing the front GTR by default.
This can be changed to the rear GTR by replacing:
Globals.frontRobot = True
with:
Globals.frontRobot = False

[Settings]
These files hold the settings used by the various scripts in a single place.
The Settings.py script can be changed while the code is running.
Upon being overwritten the code should see the change and load in the new settings.

"Settings.py"
This holds almost every setting used by the standard example.
Changing these can be done on the fly and some values in the script are calculated.
The settings are split into sections based on their functionality.

Bear in mind some settings (such as camera resolution) cannot be changed dynamically.
These values are towards the top and labelled to say they should not be changed.
To alter these values first stop the running script, then make changes, then re-run the script.

"Globals.py"
This module is used to share values between all of the scripts.
The values in the file are simply defaults and will typically be overwritten by other code.

You can add new values in this module so that they can be accessed by all of the scripts in the code.

[Manual control]
These are helper scripts which allow manual control of the GTR.
They are not intended for precise control, they are more aimed at getting a stuck robot free again.
You should make sure no other scripts are running before trying to use these controls.

"ManualMotors_Front.py"
Manual sliders for controlling the front GTR.

"ManualMotors_Rear.py"
Manual sliders for controlling the rear GTR.

[Standard processing]
Most of the processing in the code is done by the scripts below.
Most people will probably want to alter Race.py in order to take a better line around the track.
More advanced competitors may wish to alter ImageProcessor.py to change how the standard processing calculates the control of the motors.

"Race.py"
This script is where the GTRs can have their strategy around the track improved using the Race Code Functions.
It is run in its own thread alongside the image processing code and can be used in any way you wish.
By default it will simply follow the centre lane of the track until told to stop.
See the "Modifying race.py.txt" guide for more details on how this script works.

"ImageProcessor.py"
This script performs both the image processing and the calculations for the motor control.
There are multiple threads used for processing to improve the speed of the code overall.
By default it uses an input from Race.py to decide which lane to aim for and tries to loosely follow that lane while maintaining a good cornering speed
See the "Modifying ImageProcessor.py.txt" guide for more details on how this script works.

[Utilities]
These scripts are here to provide functionality to other scripts and do not really do much on their own.

"RaceCodeFunctions.py"
This script creates all of the Race Code Functions available to Race.py.
Generally you will not need to add any new functions here, but you may want to alter existing ones for logging or similar.

"ThunderBorg.py"
This script is the standard library for controlling the ThunderBorg board, which in turn controls the motors.
It provides simple functions for motor control which use I²C to communicate with the board itself.

"DisplayReadings.py" and "DisplayReadings.sh"
This script provides a way of displaying the values sent from either robot/script when they are not sent to the camera stream.
On Windows run the python script (DisplayReadings.py), on Linux run the shell script (DisplayReadings.sh).
The script will need to be run on another machine network connected to the robot(s)/script(s) you are running.
To get the scripts to send their data to this display change ipDisplay in Settings.py to the computers IP address or network name.
When running for real make sure ipDisplay is set to '192.168.1.131', otherwise no status will be shown on the stream!
The values are displayed in the same grid layout as used on the camera stream.

"EndAll.sh"
This provides a convenient way to terminate all running python scripts and then make sure the robot is stopped.
We recommend running this script as the first thing you do during your testing hour to stop the auto-loaded script running.
If the terminal is currently running a script you can press CTRL+Z to get a prompt which you can run this from.
